clone git repo using this link : https://github.com/kunaal438/mern-blogging-website.git

Intro

Section 0 - Download Github Repo
Section 1 - Navbar
Section 2 - Setting Up Routes
Section 4 - User Auth. Form ( UI )
 
Expriance :
Learned dynamic logic with the type prop to determine "Sign In" or "Sign Up" page behavior, rendering conditional elements like the "Full Name" field. Explored reusable InputBox components with props for icons, placeholders, and types. Added interactive features like toggling password visibility with dynamic icons.

Issue:
Observed form re-rendering twice unnecessarily due to state or animation logic.
 

Section 5 - Page Animation
it might need fix for animation may be ther are some re redaring issue


Section 5 - Server Setup + User Auth. Form Routes

mongodb name : react-blog-project
claster name : react-blog-project
username : sunitsen50
password : nk7tsg5aVhZr3bzh
connecting string of driver : mongodb+srv://sunitsen50:nk7tsg5aVhZr3bzh@react-blog-project.vaedt.mongodb.net/?retryWrites=true&w=majority&appName=react-blog-project

Create server and create Mongodb connect them with connection string use in .env using rest client extention to check respons in vs code
learn new thing to generate random key :  require('crypto').randomBytes(64).toString('hex')

Key Things to Remember:

    Always validate inputs from the client (email, password, etc.) to ensure data integrity and security.
    Use bcrypt for secure password storage (hashing passwords before saving them).
    When creating a user, ensure that the username is unique.
    JWT tokens should be used for user authentication, and they should be kept secure.
    Handle errors properly (e.g., database errors, invalid inputs).
    Make sure your server listens on a specified port (e.g., 3000).


 Section 6 - Connecting Form UI to server
 have 2 issue one is for 
  userAuthForm.page.jsx:31:12
  POST
http://localhost:3000/signin
[HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found 67ms]

i have solved both of problem with help of chat gpt
so the issue was like ther i am useing to local server so i have to make separte server and i have did this from diffrent env file

and other is by changing useref from from elemnt i have use a id insted of formdata.current


- Section 7 - Store user in sessions
 confusion with context api
Section 8 - User Navigation + Sign Out
make desing for signout in dropdown of nav gray and border



 Section 1 - Setting Up "/editor" route

 Section 2 - Editor Page Component

 Section 3 - Blog Editor - Navbar

 Section 4 - Blog Editor - Banner

 crete aws account 
 username : Sunit sen
 pass: 877862



 importing asw
 setting up s3 bucket
 create
 

 